<pre> 
  Title: Leaxcoin - Whitepaper
  Author: @LeaxFoundation.  
  Status: Active
  Type: Paper
  Created: 2017-09-12
  Version: 1.1
  License: MIT  
</pre>

=ABSTRACT=
There is no doubt that the real estate market is the most stable investment, with a greater margin
of profits and lower risks of loss. This is what makes it so attractive to investors – be they
experienced or novices.

Why is investing in real estate so safe? Basically, we can say that there is security in this type of
investment for two reasons: great appreciation and hardly any depreciation over time.
Besides, the majority of people not only see the purchase of a property as the guarantee of having
a home but also as a way of owning an asset without having to worry about paying a rent, for
instance.

In the end, it is much easier to realize the importance of having a property – whether for
investment or for own use. Such certainty runs into one of the biggest problems we have
nowadays: bureaucracy and the high costs of real estate, especially in big cities
Concerning bureaucracy, we can say with optimism that technology and the new way of seeing
transactions might change the scenario in few years. Financing approval only for those who have a
high income and the need of numerous documents prevents the process from occurring in a fluid
and optimized way for both sides.

Where does technology come to solve all this? The ones who know the new cryptocurrency and
the Blockchain have already got an idea of the changes that are to come. The co-working
platforms, like the ones we present in this document, facilitate all the processes and real estate
negotiations – and the forecast is very optimistic.
This type of transaction relies on the guarantee that they will not be tampered or altered,
transforming the real estate process in something more intuitive, less bureaucratic and expensive,
besides privacy, security and agility.

This management will be done on Leaxcoin platform, being extremely safe for both parts.
Nowadays, we have real estate transactions that last up to six months but they could be handled
in a matter of days or even in hours with the new technologies.
Next, we introduce LEAXCOIN, a decentralized platform in a global community format with the
evolution of Blockchain in the real estate industry.

=EXECUTIVE SUMMARY=

'''Imagine that you can conduct a real estate transaction without the need of any type of
intermediation, either by banks or third parts.'''

This is a reality knocking at the door of new crypt-coin investors, just like Leaxcoin. Our main
purpose is to have a focus of action through our platform and create a safe, fast and effective
environment.

Moreover, our focus will be on the real estate sector, which suffers with cumbersome bureaucracy
– real estate processes which hamper trade, for instance, and gradually become more expensive.
Additionally, we will also work on real estate transfers and make the transparence of peer-to-peer
transactions possible, always respecting the jurisdiction of every country where the negotiation
takes place.

The cryptocurrency will be the used for payment within our platform. Through this process, real
estate buyers and sellers will be able to negotiate their properties without any kind of
intermediary and, at the same time, will receive their payment anywhere in the world with
absolute guarantee.

'''This is what we call decentralized operations nowadays – which do not need any bank as a
mediator.'''

The Leaxcoin has emerged to be much more than a simple transactional crypto currency, as well
as a utility token that feeds the entire Leaxcoin platform. It comprises:

<blockquote>  
'''Market without intermediaries'''
</blockquote>
<blockquote>  
A non-bank and non-intermediary market. A reliable and autonomous community that will
assist with all the transactions and conflicts or problems that might occur. 
</blockquote>




